Development of Disulfide Epoxy Vitrimers via Transfer Learning: Bridging the Gap Between Excellent Comprehensive Properties and Dynamic Crosslinking Networks

Yucheng Zhang#, Junyu Luo#, Hao Li, Wenrui Li, Wendong Li*, Ming Zhang and Guanjun Zhang*

Y. Zhang, H. Li, W. Li, W. Li, G. Zhang
State Key Laboratory of Electrical Insulation and Power Equipment, Xi’an Jiaotong University
Xi’an, Shaanxi, 710049, China
E-mail: gjzhang@xjtu.edu.cn, wendongli@xjtu.edu.cn.

J. Luo, M Zhang
School of Computer Science, National Key Laboratory for Multimedia Information Processing, PKU-Anker LLM Lab, Peking University
Beijing, 100091, China

Keywords: disulfide epoxy vitrimer, transfer learning, quantitative structure-property relationship, comprehensive properties, sustainable

Abstract
Vitrimers are some cross-linked polymers with sustainability introduced by dynamic covalent bonds. However, vitrimers may exhibit more compromised thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties than traditional thermosets. Since the structural diversity and complexity, developing vitrimers with both excellent comprehensive properties and eco-friendly characteristic remains challenging without the quantitative structure-property relationships (QSPR). Herein, we construct 2 datasets for disulfide vitrimers: one dataset containing 100,000+ entries of organic molecular properties and another dataset with 1,700+ experimental entries for macroscopic properties of epoxy resins. A QSPR model based on 3D molecular representation learning framework and transfer learning is developed, which can efficiently and accurately predict the glass transition temperature (Tg), initial thermal decomposition temperature (Td5%), tensile strength (TS), relative permittivity (ε), dielectric loss (tanδ), and electrical breakdown strength (Eb) of epoxy resins. This model screens 216 vitrimers based on common disulfides and selects 5 promising candidates. Experimental tests verify their excellent comprehensive properties: e.g., for all selected vitrimers, Tg > 146 °C, Eb > 34.8 kV/mm; four selected vitrimers have TS ≥ 60 MPa. These vitrimers also possess good repairability and degradability. This QSPR model can also be utilized for other novel epoxy resins to accelerate research and reduce R&D costs.

1. Introduction
Vitrimer is a type of covalent adaptable network that can change its topology through exchange reactions[1]. When the dynamic exchange reaction is frozen, it behaves similarly to a permanently cross-linked material, with improved creep resistance and solvent resistance compared to non-cross-linked polymers. When heated, the dynamic exchange reaction proceeds rapidly, allowing vitrimer to be processed while maintaining the integrity of its cross-linked networks. In addition, the breaking of dynamic covalent bonds under specific conditions greatly improves the degradability of vitrimer[2]. Due to these excellent properties and unique characteristics, vitrimer has attracted extensive attention and research in industries such as aerospace[3], automobile industry[4], electrical insulation[5], electronic packaging[6], biomedicine[7], and 3D printing[8] since it was invented. Vitrimer has successfully introduced re-processability, repairability, degradability, and shape memory to traditional thermosetting resins (such as epoxy[9], polyurethane[10], and bismaleimide resins[11]), composites[12], and liquid crystalline networks[13], which provides potential solutions for thermosetting materials in extending life cycle, improving recyclability and enabling intelligent application.
Up to now, researchers have successfully investigated various vitrimers based on different dynamic covalent bonds such as transesterification[14], siloxane equilibration[15], disulfide bond[16], and dynamic imine bond[17]. However, many studies have found that the thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties of vitrimers can be reduced compared to traditional thermosetting materials. Table 1 lists some of these research cases[18-25]. There are some vitrimers with one or several excellent properties that have been developed. However, it is still challenging to obtain vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties, and such vitrimers are rarely reported. For instance, Spiesschaert et al.[19] prepared an epoxy vitrimer containing dynamic urethane bonds with a higher tensile modulus than the commercially produced epoxy resin. However, its glass transition temperature (Tg) and the initial thermal decomposition temperature of 5% mass loss (Td5%) are lower than those of the commercially produced epoxy resin. Zhang et al.[5] prepared a dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimer with a higher Tg than the traditional anhydride-cured epoxy, but the AC electrical breakdown strength (Eb) is only about 74% of that of the traditional anhydride-cured epoxy. The main reason for the reduced property of vitrimers is probably related to the weak bond energy and insufficient stability of most dynamic covalent bonds[26]. In addition, the vast variety and complex structures of vitrimers greatly increase the difficulty in designing vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties. Only relying on qualitative judgment and chemical experience to design the structure of vitrimers makes it hard to ensure that they have excellent comprehensive properties. Thus, there are still significant challenges on the path to practical application for vitrimers. Establishing quantitative structure-property relationships (QSPR) for cross-linked polymers guide the design of vitrimers. This methodology not only accelerates the research process but also increases the probability of obtaining vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties[27].
Table 1. The properties comparison between vitrimers and thermosetting materials from some existing studies.
Vitrimers (Bolded contents indicate the type of dynamic covalent bonds)	Property	Reference thermosetting materials	Property
Epoxy with dynamic imine bonds, synthesized by bisphenol A epoxide (E-51), terephthalaldehyde (TA) and D230. [20]	Tg: 54 °C
TS: 51.8 MPa	Epoxy synthesized by bisphenol A epoxide (E-51) and D230. [20]	Tg: 99 °C
TS: 71.9 MPa
Diglycidyl ether of bisphenol A (DGEBA) cured with sebacic acid (SA), 1,5,7-triazabicyclo[4.4.0]dec-5-ene (TBD) were added as transesterification catalyst. [21]	Tg: 33.4 °C	DGEBA cured with SA without transesterification catalyst. [21]	Tg: 47.4 °C
DGEBA cured with 1,4,5-Oxadithiepane-2,7-dione (DSAA, Containing disulfide bonds), added 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole as the catalyst. [22]	FS: 102 MPa
Tg: 73 °C	DGEBA cured with methylhexahydrophthalic anhydride (MHHPA), added 2-ethyl-4-methylimidazole as the catalyst. [22]	FS: 128 MPa
Tg: 162 °C
Epoxide with dynamic imine bonds (VTA-EP), cured with 5, 5’-methylenedifurfurylamine (DFA). [18]	Td10%: 284 °C	Diglycidyl ether of bisphenol A (DGEBA), cured with 4,4’-diaminodiphenylmethane (DDM). [18]	Td10%: 387 °C
EPIKOTE resin MGS LR 135, cured with vinylogous urethane curing agent. [19]	Tg: 74 °C
Td5%: 250 °C	EPIKOTE resin MGS LR 135, cured with EPIKURE curing agent MGS LH 135. [19]	Tg: 82 °C
Td5%: 313 °C
Polyurethanes dynamic imine vitrimer synthesized from Castor oil (CSO), vanillin-derived Schiff base (VSB) and Hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI). [23]	Td5%: 290.4 °C	Polyurethanes synthesized from Castor oil (CSO) and Hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI). [23]	Td5%: 373.2 °C
Bisphenol A epoxide (E-51), cured with 4-aminophenyl disulfide (4-AFD). [5]	ε: 4.8
Eb: 28.5kV/mm	Bisphenol A epoxide (E-51) cured with MHHPA, added 2.4.6-Tri(dimethylaminomethyl)Phenol (DMP-30) as the catalyst. [5]	ε: 3.9
Eb: 38.7kV/mm
Bisphenol A epoxide (E-51), cured with dynamic imine agent (Salen-EDA). [24]	tanδ: 0.007	Bisphenol A epoxide (E-51), cured with ethylenediamine (EDA). [24]	tanδ: 0.004
DGEBA cured with MHHPA, added Zinc Acetylacetonate as the transesterification catalyst. [25]	Eb: 37.1kV/mm	DGEBA cured with MHHPA, added 2.4.6-Tri(dimethylaminomethyl)Phenol (DMP-30) as the catalyst. [25]	Eb: 44.0kV/mm
*Tg: Glass transition temperature; TS: Tensile strength; FS: Flexural strength; Td10%, Td5%: Initial decomposition temperature of 10%/5% mass loss; ε: Relative permittivity at 50 Hz; Eb: AC Electrical breakdown strength; tanδ: Dielectric loss at 50 Hz;
Deep learning methods can capture the complex QSPR of materials, thereby developing efficient and accurate QSPR models[28]. These approaches have already been successful in predicting and designing metallic materials[29], medical drugs[30], biological proteins[31], organic molecules[32], crystalline materials[33], and linear polymers[34]. They are gradually replacing the traditional trial-and-error approaches, which are costly and time-consuming. Wang et al.[35] applied a Gaussian Process Regression (GPR) model to predict properties and screen structures across 110 types of PI-derived polymers. Based on the predicted results, they synthesized 3 capacitor energy storage materials with high discharge energy density at 150 °C, 200 °C, and 250 °C, respectively. Zhang et al. [36] generated about 600,000 virtual donor-acceptor combinations for organic photovoltaic (OPV) materials and used a graph neural network (GNN) for feature extraction and performance prediction. They experimentally verified 6 donor-acceptor combinations and obtained a single-junction OPV material with a power conversion efficiency above 19.3%. However, limited by the challenges in scarcity of data, complexity of tasks, and incomplete extraction of structure information, the dedicated datasets and accurate QSPRs that can predict a variety of comprehensive properties for cross-linked polymers are still lacking. Scarcity of data is the fundamental challenge. The informative large-scale QSPR datasets or models of polymers like the "Polymer Genome"[37] primarily focus on non-cross-linked polymers, but usually exhibit limited compatibility to cross-linked polymers. Some "small QSPR models" for cross-linked polymers are available, but they are often mono-functional due to the complexity of predicting comprehensive properties[38]. For instance, Hu et al. [39] combined GNN with GPR to construct a QSPR capable of predicting the tensile strength, tensile modulus, and elongation at the break of epoxy resins. While this model cannot cover the thermal and electrical properties, making it difficult to develop vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties. In addition, these existing models typically use 1D descriptors or 2D graph structures instead of real 3D chemical structures as inputs, which leads to the loss of some crucial structural information at the beginning of constructing the QSPR[40]. This not only greatly limits the upper bound of the predictive accuracy but also reduces the interpretability and physical significance captured by the model. These above challenges cause the absence of suitable deep learning QSPR models that can guide the development of vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties.
Here, we constructed a QSPR prediction model applicable to epoxy resins named AdaQSPR and applied it to develop the vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties. Considering the typicality of epoxy resin among cross-linked polymers and the advantages of dynamic disulfide bonds (mild reaction conditions, catalyst-free reactivity, multi-responsiveness, and can be easily obtained[16]). The dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers were taken as a case to demonstrate our model and approach. To predict the comprehensive properties efficiently, two dedicated datasets containing 100,000+ entries of organic molecular properties and 1,700+ experimental entries of epoxy resin macroscopic properties were built. A transfer learning based on these 2 datasets was adopted to overcome the challenge of data scarcity. Domain-specific Adaptation and Task-specific Adaptation were employed to further reduce the differences between the pre-trained model and the comprehensive properties prediction. These methods ensure that AdaQSPR performs well on the complex task for comprehensive properties prediction. By extracting 3D chemical structural features as model inputs and using a Transformer architecture as the backbone, AdaQSPR achieved predictions of the thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties of epoxy resins. Based on the prediction results, hundreds of dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers were screened. Considering the difficulty and cost of synthesis, 5 dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers were finally selected for experimental research to verify the accuracy of the model prediction results. The test results indicate that the 5 disulfide vitrimers developed based on AdaQSPR have excellent comprehensive properties, as well as repairable and degradable eco-friendly properties. Furthermore, the discussions on prediction results of AdaQSPR, theoretical calculations, and experimental analyses provide recommendations for further research on dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers. This AdaQSPR model can accelerate the development of novel epoxy vitrimers.
2. Results and Discussion
2.1. Dataset for AdaQSPR of Epoxy Resins
The main steps of constructing AdaQSPR for epoxy resins include building dedicated datasets and designing suitable algorithms. The collection of the structure-property data for epoxy resins is a relatively difficult process, and the number of samples is also limited, whereas obtaining structure-property data for organic molecules is easier, and the number of samples is sufficient. Considering that epoxy resins are polymerized from the organic molecules (epoxide monomers and curing agents), a Transfer learning can be adopted. The accuracy of AdaQSPR for epoxy resins can be improved by introducing an information-rich organic molecule dataset. Therefore, it is necessary to establish an organic molecular structure-property dataset firstly, and subsequently create an epoxy resin structure-property dataset.
2.1.1. Organic Molecular Structure-Property Dataset
The representation of organic molecular structures can be recorded in various ways. Considering the convenience of collection, storage, and processing in computers, this study uses a Simplified Molecular Input Line Entry System (SMILES) to encode organic molecular structures in the datasets. SMILES is a method for representing molecular structures by using ASCII strings[41]. The properties of organic molecules are also diverse. Considering the difficulty of collection and the relevance to macroscopic thermal, mechanical and electrical properties, this study selects 10 properties to constitute the organic molecular structure-property dataset, which includes 3 experimental properties: melting point, density, and oil-water partition coefficient P(Log P), as well as 7 computational properties: the highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) energy, the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO) energy, dipole moment, zero point energy (ZPE), polarizability, thermal correction to enthalpy, and average bond energy (ABE). Among them, the 3 experimental properties are collected from open-source platforms[42-44]. Meanwhile, the 7 computational properties are obtained through high-throughput calculations based on density functional theory (DFT). The definition of the ABE is shown in Equations S1 and S2.
According to the statistics, this dataset has collected the melting points, densities, and Log P values of 10,750 organic compounds. It has calculated the HOMO, LUMO, dipole moment, ZPE, polarizability, thermal correction to enthalpy, and ABE of 14,666 organic molecules. These data constitute the organic molecular structure-property dataset used in this study. The data distribution characteristics, ranges, average values, and standard deviations of this dataset are shown in Figure S1. It can be seen that the data for each property conforms well to the normal distribution.
2.1.2. Epoxy Resin Structure-Property Dataset
Epoxy resins are typically cured from epoxy monomers and curing agents. The structures of epoxy monomers and curing agents, the proportion of each component, and whether a catalyst is added are the main factors that determine the structure of epoxy resins. In addition, the functionality of the epoxy monomers (i.e., the number of epoxy groups per molecule), the functionality of the curing agents, and the number of hydroxyl groups in the epoxy monomer/curing agent molecules are important characteristic parameters of the epoxy resin structure. Therefore, when constructing the epoxy resin structure-property dataset, we record the structure (represented by SMILES), mole ratio, functionality, and number of hydroxyl groups for each epoxy monomer and curing agent in epoxy resin, as well as whether a catalyst is used in the reaction. This recording method provides a relatively comprehensive description for the structure of epoxy resins. Some specific examples are shown in Table S1.
To analyze the differences and connections between the structures of all epoxy monomers and curing agents in the epoxy resin structure-property dataset and the structures of organic molecules collected in the organic molecular structure-property dataset. These molecular structures are transformed into high-dimensional descriptors and subsequently reduced to 2 dimensions by t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (t-SNE) for visualization. The t-SNE is a widely used non-linear dimensionality reduction method[45]. It has been extensively utilized to visualize the distribution of chemical structural features within datasets in the initial high-dimensional space, thereby describing the similarity among these chemical structures more clearly. As shown in Figure 1a, the organic molecules (blue dots) are widely distributed across the entire feature space, indicating their diverse structural characteristics. Both epoxy monomers (red dots) and curing agents (green dots) fall within the coverage range of the organic molecules dataset, confirming that the organic molecular dataset provides a comprehensive structural representation. The epoxy monomers show more clustered distributions in several regions while curing agents display scattered throughout the plot. This distribution pattern demonstrates that despite their specialized functions, epoxy components share structural similarities with the broader organic molecule space.
To comprehensively evaluate the thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties of epoxy resins, the epoxy resin structure-property dataset has been constructed by collecting 6 major macroscopic properties of epoxy resins through literature review and high-throughput experimental testing. These 6 properties are the Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ, and Eb. This dataset has collected the Tg for 392 kinds of epoxy resins, the Td5% of 334 epoxy resins, the TS of 307 epoxy resins, the ε of 284 epoxy resins (with 115 obtained by experimental testing), the tanδ of 267 epoxy resins (with 114 obtained by experimental testing) and the Eb of 153 epoxy resins (with 112 obtained by experimental testing). Although costly, the experimental dataset has higher reliability and reference value than the dataset generated by simulation. The epoxy resins tested by the high-throughput experiment are shown in Figure S2. Figure 1b-h summarizes the data distribution characteristics, ranges, average values, and standard deviations of the epoxy resin structure-property dataset. The statistical data for all properties fits well with the normal distribution.

Figure 1. Data distribution characteristics, ranges, average values, and standard deviations of the epoxy resin structure-property dataset. (a) t-SNE results of the chemical structures, (b) a summary of the statistical results for the 6 properties, (c-h) the statistical distribution of Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ and Eb.
2.2. AdaQSPR Model of Epoxy Resins
2.2.1. Model Framework and Algorithm
The ultimate objective for the AdaQSPR of epoxy resins is to achieve the prediction of 6 macroscopic properties in the epoxy resin structure-property dataset. However, the limited size of the epoxy resin structure-property dataset become a hindrance in constructing a more accurate QSPR of epoxy resins. Some of the existing pre-trained molecular models are trained based on highly informative chemical structure datasets. These pre-trained models can mitigate the adverse effects of data scarcity via transfer learning. However, there are still large differences between these pre-trained models and our tasks, thus we designed a strategy containing Domain-specific Adaptation and Task-specific Adaptation to enhance the effect of transfer learning in AdaQSPR. For the datasets constructed in this study, the size of the organic molecule structure-property dataset is relatively substantial, and structure-property relationships of organic molecules have closer correlations with the structure-property relationships of epoxy resins than the pre-trained model. Therefore, the AdaQSPR model is firstly trained on the organic molecule structure-property dataset to reduce the difference between the pre-trained model and the final task, and this process is a Domain-specific Adaptation. Then, the parameters obtained from Domain-specific Adaptation are transferred to the epoxy resin structure-property dataset and fine-tuned to improve the performance in specific tasks (predicting comprehensive properties). This process is a Task-specific Adaptation[46].
In the existing studies on QSPR deep learning models for materials, researchers primarily use 1D SMILES sequences directly as inputs for the chemical structures or convert the chemical structures into 2D graph structures for model input. However, these approaches result in the loss of 3D chemical structural information. The 3D information of material molecules is significantly different from the 1D sequence and 2D graph and is relatively difficult to obtain. Uni-Mol, a universal 3D molecular representation learning framework, provides a solution to this issue[47]. It can transform 1D SMILES into features containing 3D structural information of molecules. As illustrated in Figure 2a, this framework employs a Transformer architecture as the backbone to process global information of 3D molecular structures and is based on a large-scale dataset of 3D conformations with millions of molecules. It constructs a pre-trained model through a self-supervised task by the 3D position masking and recovery of molecules.
In this study, the Domain-specific Adaptation is constructed based on the Uni-Mol. As shown in Figure 2b, the same Transformer architecture used in Uni-Mol is adopted as the backbone for Domain-specific Adaptation. The molecular structures from the organic molecular structure-property dataset are used as inputs, while the properties of organic molecules serve as outputs for multi-task regression. The pre-trained parameters from Uni-Mol are fine-tuned to obtain the parameters for Domain-specific Adaptation.
In the Task-specific Adaptation part of the epoxy resins AdaQSPR model, as shown in Figure 2c, the Transformer architecture continues to be employed as the backbone. The structural information of epoxy resins (including epoxy monomer structures, curing agent structures, molar ratios, functionality, number of hydroxyl groups, and whether a catalyst is added) is used as the input of the model. The output of the Transformer is passed through a pooling layer followed by a multi-layer perceptron (MLP) to obtain regression predictions for the 6 macroscopic properties of epoxy resins. This model supports up to 4 different epoxy monomers and 4 different curing agents as inputs. It can learn and predict the properties of most multi-component epoxy resins. Since each of the 6 macroscopic properties of epoxy resins is associated with different organic molecular properties, when a different macroscopic property of epoxy resin is targeted in Task-specific Adaptation, the regression targets in the Domain-specific Adaptation should also be different. The organic molecular properties utilized in constructing the AdaQSPR for each property of epoxy resins are summarized in Figure S3.

Figure 2. Framework and algorithm of the epoxy resins AdaQSPR model. (a) Uni-Mol molecular pre-trained framework, (b) Domain-specific adaptation, (c) Task-specific Adaptation.
2.2.2. Training and Predicting Results of AdaQSPR Model
The training results of the model are shown in Figure 3a-f. For Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ, and Eb, the model achieves a satisfactory regression performance, with the coefficient of determination (R²) values exceeding 0.7 for all the properties. Among them, the R² for Tg, TS, and ε reach 0.8, indicating the high predictive accuracy for all these properties. The mean absolute error (MAE) on the validation set are as follows: 18.40 °C for Tg, 23.89 °C for Td5%, 11.41 MPa for TS, 0.44 for ε, 0.1614 for log10(tanδ), and 2.64 kV/mm for Eb. These results demonstrate the accuracy of the validation set for each property. For comparison, the training results of the model without Domain-specific Adaptation are also summarized in Figure S4, which proves that the model incorporating Domain-specific Adaptation improves the accuracy in predicting these 6 properties of epoxy resins. By comparing the normalized mean absolute error (NMAE, which is calculated by Equation 1), the epoxy resins AdaQSPR model performs better on the datasets of ε, Tg, and tanδ, while performing secondarily on the Td5%, TS, and Eb. This discrepancy may be attributed to the differences in the data quality and quantity across properties. However, all the NMAEs are less than 0.12, indicating a good accuracy for these 6 properties.
		
where “Reference Value” is the range of the dataset, equal to the maximum value minus the minimum value in the dataset.
After constructing the AdaQSPR model of epoxy resin, to design the dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties, this study generates 216 different dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers based on certain common disulfide compounds that can conveniently synthesize the epoxy monomers or serve as the epoxy curing agents. The 6 properties (Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ, and Eb) of 216 dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers are predicted by the AdaQSPR model. Based on the predictions, a screening is performed using the following criterion: Tg > 120 °C, Td5% > 290 °C, TS > 55 MPa, ε < 6.0, tanδ, < 0.012, and Eb > 30 kV/mm to select the excellent candidates from the 216 dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers. This screening criterion enables the materials to satisfy or approach the requirements for some insulating applications[48, 49] and makes these vitrimers have acceptable comprehensive properties. As illustrated in Figure 3g, according to the criterion, 34 dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers are screened. Considering the cost and synthetic complexity, 5 dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers are finally selected for preparation and experimental testing in this study.
The structural design and predicting properties of these 5 selected dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers are shown in Figure 3h. The molar ratios of these epoxy monomers to curing agents are all stoichiometric ratios. Since the curing agents used for these vitrimers are all amine-based, there is no need to add catalysts. For the convenience of description, these 5 designed vitrimers are named as D-I, D-II, D-III, D-IV, and D-V. All these 5 designed vitrimers have excellent predicted thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties, demonstrating encouraging potential to achieve the research objective of developing dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties. To compare the properties of the newly designed resins, Two reference materials are also prepared for comparison. One of them is a traditional anhydride-cured bisphenol-A epoxy resin, named as R-I, and another is a dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimer (i.e., bisphenol-A epoxy cured with 4-aminophenyl disulfide) has been commonly studied, named as R-II. The raw materials, synthetic methods, and preparation procedures for these epoxy resins can be found in the Experimental Section.

Figure 3. The training and predicting results of epoxy resins AdaQSPR Model, (a-f) Training results for the Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ and Eb in the dataset, (g) Design and screening procedures for the dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers, (h) Structure and property prediction results of 5 designed dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers.
2.3. Experimental Verifications for Designed Vitrimers
Referring to the characterization in Experimental Section, the thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties of the 5 designed vitrimers D-I to D-V are tested to verify the accuracy of the AdaQSPR model prediction results. The Tg of these epoxy resins are tested by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) and dynamic mechanical analysis (DMA), the test results are shown in Figure S5 and Figure 4a-b. According to the DSC results (Figure S5), the heat flow curves indicate that the Tg of D-I to D-V are 139.7 °C, 140.5 °C, 199.3 °C, 134.6 °C, and 165.1 °C, respectively, while the Tg of R-I and R-II are 130.8 °C and 153.9 °C. The Tg of D-I to D-V are all higher than that of the commonly used electrical insulating epoxy resin R-I, which enables the material to withstand higher operating temperatures. The DMA test results (Figure 4a-b) show that at room temperature, D-V and D-I have higher storage modulus (E') than R-I and R-II, while the E' of D-II, D-III, and D-IV are slightly lower than that of R-I. The peak temperatures of tanδ correspond to the Tg of the materials. The Tg of D-I to D-V are 146.3°C, 149.8°C, 234.4°C, 147.7°C, and 188.0°C, respectively, all of which are higher than that of R-I at 140.8°C. The Tg of R-II is 159.2°C. The 5 designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers all have satisfactory Tg. Due to the presence of ample cross-linking points and hydroxyl groups, D-III and D-V have significantly higher Tg than other tested epoxy resins. According to Flory’s rubber elasticity theory, the cross-linked density (νe) can be obtained by Equation 2.
		
where Te is the temperature higher than Tg 30 °C, E' is the storage modulus in the rubbery state at Te, and R is the universal gas constant. Among the designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers, the νe of D-I and D-IV is 1724 mol/m3 and 1453 mol/m3, which are close to that of R-I (1518 mol/m3). The νe of D-II and D-V are 2759mol/m3 and 2303mol/m3, respectively, both of which are higher than that of R-I and close to the νe of R-II (2594mol/m3). The value of νe is related to the functionality of the molecules participating in the crosslinking reaction. R-I has the lowest functionality (the epoxy monomer is 2 and the curing agent is 1), consequently resulting in a relatively low νe. In D-I, D-IV, D-II, and R-II, the epoxy monomer and curing agent possess higher functionality, being 2 and 4 respectively. However, the crosslinking sites in D-I and D-IV are at the ortho position, whereas those in D-II and R-II are at the para position. The computational chemistry simulation results (Figure S6 and Figure S7[50-52]) reveal that due to the different positions of the cross-linking sites, the distances of crosslinking points in D-I and D-IV are closer, which not only leads to a more twisted and disordered spatial arrangement of the molecular chains but also increases the difficulty for cross-linking reaction. Therefore, the νe of ortho-crosslinked vitrimers are relatively lower. This is also one of the reasons why the Tg of D-I and D-IV is lower among the designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers. The crosslinking sites in D-V are also located at the ortho position. Consequently, despite its functionality is highest (4 for both the epoxy monomer and curing agent), its νe is still close to that of D-II and R-II.
The thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) results of the resins under air and nitrogen atmospheres are shown in Figure 4c and Figure S8, respectively. For all the disulfide epoxy vitrimers, there is little difference between Td5% in N2 and air, and the primary differences are mainly observed in the high-temperature region above 500°C. In this region, the mass loss of the material gradually becomes weak under N2, whereas a new stage of mass loss appears under air, which can be attributable to the combustion of carbon-containing molecules[53]. Whether in N2 or air, the Td5% of disulfide vitrimers is lower than that of the anhydride-cured epoxy R-I, which is mainly due to the relatively low thermal decomposition temperature of the disulfide bonds[53, 54]. Therefore, the Td5% of D-I to D-V and R-II are closely determined by the content of disulfide bonds within the materials. In fact, the Td5% of D-I to D-V and R-II are jointly influenced by both the disulfide bond content and the νe. In this study, the order of disulfide bond content in the vitrimers is D-I, D-II > D-V > D-III > D-IV, R-II. The sequence of Td5% is basically consistent with this order, only D-II exhibits an increased Td5% due to its high νe. Overall, excepting D-I, the Td5% of all the designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers are above 270 °C, which is still can be acceptable. Moreover, under both N2 and air, the residual mass of the disulfide epoxy vitrimers at 600 °C is significantly higher than that of R-I, demonstrating that vitrimers have better heat resistance at high temperatures and may also have better flame retardance.
The mechanical properties of the designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers are shown in Figure 4d and Figure S9. The TS of D-I to D-V is all higher than that of R-I (~41.5 MPa). With the exception of D-II (47.3 MPa), the TS of the other disulfide epoxy vitrimers all exceed 60 MPa. It is noteworthy that despite the νe of D-I and D-IV are not high, which are comparable to that of R-I, they exhibit satisfactory TS. Specifically, the TS of D-I is the highest among the tested materials, reaching 65.2 MPa. In addition, D-I also has the second-highest tensile modulus, only below D-V. These excellent mechanical properties of D-I and D-IV are mainly attributed to the structure of their molecular segments, which indirectly confirms that the AdaQSPR model can capture the influence of various structural factors on macroscopic properties, such as molecular chemical structure and crosslinking density.
The ε and tanδ of these designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers are presented in Figure 4e. The ε of all the vitrimers is below 5.5 at 50 Hz, satisfying the requirements for electrical insulating applications. Due to the formation of polar groups (hydroxyl groups) during the amine-epoxy curing reaction, all disulfide epoxy vitrimers exhibit higher ε compared to the anhydride-cured epoxy resin R-I. Among the prepared disulfide epoxy vitrimers, the para-crosslinked vitrimers (D-III, R-I, and D-II) demonstrate the ε of 5.43, 5.19, and 5.10 at 50 Hz, respectively, which are higher than those of the ortho-crosslinked vitrimers(D-V, D-IV, and D-I) with the ε about 5.00, 4.94, and 4.91. This phenomenon is primarily attributed to the higher steric hindrance in ortho-crosslinking, which leads to a more coiled and disordered arrangement of molecular chains within the crosslinked network. Thus, the dipole moments of local polar groups tend to be eliminated with others mutually, resulting in the reduced polarity of molecular segments and the lower ε of vitrimers. The DFT calculations for D-I, D-II, D-IV, and R-II provide support for this explanation. As illustrated in Figure S10[55], the molecular segments of ortho-crosslinked vitrimers have lower dipole moments and polarizabilities, which are 4.56 D and 127.72 × 10−40 C·m²·V-1 for D-I, 2.72 D and 123.52 × 10−40 C·m²·V-1 for D-IV, respectively. For the molecular segments of para-crosslinked vitrimers, both dipole moments and polarizabilities are relatively high, where D-II possessing the dipole moment of 6.11 D and the polarizability of 126.97 × 10−40 C·m²·V-1, and these values of R-II are 6.54 D and 130.28 × 10−40 C·m²·V-1. Additionally, due to the higher functionality, more hydroxyl groups are generated during crosslinking in D-III and D-V. Therefore, they exhibit the highest ε among para-crosslinked vitrimers and ortho-crosslinked vitrimers, respectively. As for the tanδ, all the tanδ of disulfide epoxy vitrimers are below 0.015, fulfilling the application requirements for electrical insulating materials. The tanδ values follow a trend similar to the ε. Para-crosslinked vitrimers (D-II, D-III, and R-II) have higher tanδ values of approximately 0.0126, 0.0109, and 0.0110 at 50 Hz, respectively, while ortho-crosslinked vitrimers exhibit relatively lower tanδ values at 50 Hz: D-I ≈ 0.0068, D-IV ≈ 0.0037 and D-V ≈ 0.0083, which close to the tanδ of traditional electrical insulating epoxy R-I (~0.0050 at 50 Hz). The tanδ of epoxy resin at 50 Hz is primarily attributed to the dielectric relaxation of molecular segments[5]. The DFT calculations reveal that ortho-crosslinked vitrimers exhibit lower molecular segment polarity, which leads to a relatively weak dielectric relaxation strength. Additionally, since ortho-crosslinked vitrimers have a lower νe than para-crosslinked vitrimers, their molecular segment mobilities are less hindered under electric fields[56]. This structural characteristic reduced the tanδ of materials.
The Eb test results are shown in Figure 4f. The Eb of disulfide epoxy vitrimers D-I to D-V is about 36.1 kV/mm, 34.8 kV/mm, 37.1 kV/mm, 37.8 kV/mm, and 39.0 kV/mm, respectively. All of them are approaching or exceeding 35 kV/mm, fulfilling the application requirements in electrical insulation. These vitrimers demonstrate significant improvements in Eb over the conventional disulfide epoxy vitrimer R-II (32.3 kV/mm) and are gradually close to the level of the traditional anhydride-cured electrical insulating epoxy R-I (40.5 kV/mm). Additionally, the experimental results reveal that ortho-crosslinked disulfide vitrimers exhibit higher Eb compared to the para-crosslinked disulfide vitrimers. For solid polymer materials in the glassy state, electrical breakdown is mainly attributed to the electron avalanche mechanisms[57]. Consequently, the Eb is intrinsically related to the ionization energy and electron affinity. The ionization energy determines the degree of difficulty for the generation of free electrons within the materials, while the electron affinity affects the attraction and dissipation of the high-energy electrons during the electron avalanche. Figure S11 presents the DFT calculated results of the vertical ionization potential (VIP) and vertical electron affinities (VEA) of ortho-crosslinked vitrimers (D-I and D-IV) and para-crosslinked vitrimers (D-II and R-I)[58-60]. The VIP and VEA of the molecular segments in these vitrimers are summarized as follows: D-I (VIP ≈ 6.91 eV, VEA ≈ 0.96 eV), D-II (VIP ≈ 7.65 eV, VEA ≈ 0.28 eV), D-IV (VIP ≈ 7.12 eV, VEA ≈ 0.49 eV), and R-II (VIP ≈ 7.10 eV, VEA ≈ 0.21 eV). R-II exhibits the lowest Eb due to its unexceptional VIP and VEA values. Compared to the para-crosslinked vitrimers, the ortho-crosslinked vitrimers (D-I and D-IV) have a higher VEA, resulting in their relatively higher Eb. Although the VEA of D-II is relatively low, its VIP is the highest among these 4 vitrimers, therefore its Eb is also higher than that of R-II and close to 35 kV/mm.
The solvent resistance of 5 developed disulfide epoxy vitrimers (D-I to D-V) and the reference vitrimer (R-II) are systematically evaluated, with the experimental results shown in Figure S12. The D-I, D-II, D-III, D-IV, and D-V vitrimers demonstrate excellent solvent resistance. After immersion for 7 days in 6 solvents: EtOH, CH2Cl2, acetone, tetrahydrofuran (THF), N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF), and dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), they only exhibit negligible mass changes. After the immersion for 7 days, the reference vitrimer R-II exhibited swelling behavior in CH2Cl2 and DMF, with its mass increasing to 125.2% and 115.5% of the initial mass. In addition, no significant mass changes are observed in the other solvents. Among these vitrimers, D-IV has relatively poor solvent resistance. After being immersed in EtOH, acetone, and DMSO for 7 days, the masses of the samples change little. However, the samples change significantly in CH2Cl2, THF, and DMF. Specifically, the sample in CH2Cl2 is swelled significantly, and its mass increases to 167.8% of the original mass. Meanwhile, the samples in THF and DMF crack into small fragments after the immersion for 7 days. In summary, although the AdaQSPR model of epoxy resin does not predict the solvent resistance of the vitrimers, the most designed materials still have excellent solvent resistance. These experimental results provide a reference for the long-term working ability of these vitrimers in solvent environments.
Figure 4g summarizes the deviations between experimental results and AdaQSPR model predictions for 5 disulfide epoxy vitrimers (D-I to D-V). The comparative analysis demonstrates that the AdaQSPR model achieves good predicting accuracy for the 6 properties of these vitrimers. Specifically, the model exhibits optimal performance in the prediction of Tg, TS, ε, and tanδ, with the NMAE values below 0.09, surpassing the performance on the dataset of this AdaQSPR model. For Td5% and Eb, the predicting accuracy is slightly lower but still maintains acceptable errors with NMAE values controlled within ~0.15. As shown in Figure 4g, all the data points of Td5% are distributed above the diagonal line, indicating a general over-prediction of the thermal stability for these disulfide epoxy vitrimers. This deviation likely stems from the significant influence of disulfide bonds in epoxy structures on thermal degradation. However, limited by the scarcity of disulfide epoxy resins in the dataset (only 6 entries, accounting for merely 1.8% of the dataset), the QSPR model failed to capture this structural effect well, which leads to the overestimated Td5% predictions for disulfide vitrimers. The relatively low predicting accuracy of the QSPR model for Eb is probably due to the following two key limitations. Firstly, the size of the Eb dataset is the smallest among the 6 properties (only about half of the others). Furthermore, the Domain-specific Adaptation employed HOMO/LUMO energy levels for transfer learning, but the HOMO/LUMO energy levels only can be regarded as the qualitative approximation of VIP and VEA (the details are explained in Figure S13)[61]. These compounded effects contribute to the relatively unimpressive prediction accuracy of Eb. Our future research will also aim to improve the predicting accuracy purposefully.
Figure 4h and Figure S14 compare the comprehensive properties (including 6 key thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties) of 5 designed disulfide epoxy vitrimers (D-I to D-V) against reference epoxy resins (R-I, R-II) and 16 literature-reported epoxy vitrimers (L1-L16) [5, 6, 18, 23, 24, 62-72]. The results show that many developed epoxy vitrimers have already performed remarkably in one or two specific properties. However, it is still challenging for most vitrimers to maintain balance and keep excellent in comprehensive properties. Compared with the significant improvement of a specific property, the materials in engineering applications are more concerned about the stability of the comprehensive thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties. For epoxy vitrimers, the deficiency in any one of the properties can significantly increase the challenges towards practical applications. As shown in Figure 4h, most developed epoxy vitrimers in the literatures suffer from this limitation. In contrast, the vitrimers (D-I to D-V) developed in this study have more versatile, stable, and excellent comprehensive properties. This demonstrates the efficacy of the epoxy AdaQSPR model developed in this paper in guiding the research of disulfide epoxy vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties. It also confirms that this epoxy AdaQSPR model has the availability to assist the efficient and rapid development of novel epoxy materials.

Figure 4. The tested properties of designed vitrimers D-I to D-V, (a, b) DMA test results for Tg, (c) TGA test results for Td5%, (d) Tensile test results for TS, (e) Dielectric spectroscopy test results for ε and tanδ, (f) Electrical breakdown test results for Eb, (g) Comparison for the properties of the predicted results and test results and (h) Evaluation for the comprehensive properties of D-I to D-V.
2.4. Dynamic Characterization, Repair and Degradation of Design Vitrimers
Besides the fundamental thermal, mechanical, and electrical properties, the dynamic characteristics of disulfide epoxy vitrimers, as well as the repairability and degradability enabled by these dynamic properties are also worth investigating. The dynamic topological rearrangement capability and rate of the vitrimers' network can be quantified by stress relaxation testing at high temperatures. Figure 5a and Figure S15 present the stress relaxation test results for 5 developed dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers. All the vitrimers demonstrate good topological rearrangement capability. Among them, D-V and D-II have the fastest topological rearrangement rates, with characteristic relaxation time (t*, defined as the time for the stress relaxation modulus to reach 1/e of its initial value) of approximately 49 s and 67 s at 200°C, respectively. D-III and D-I show t* values of about 147 s and 240 s at the same temperature, while D-IV displays a slower rearrangement rate, with a t* of ~787 s at a higher temperature of 220°C. The dynamic topological rearrangement capability of crosslinked networks is the basis for the repairment, degradation, and recyclability of vitrimers. The topology freezing transition temperature (Tv) and Tg directly determine the lowest temperature threshold for significant dynamic topological rearrangement in vitrimers' network. Specifically, Tv corresponds to the temperature at which the exchange reaction can proceed quickly within the dynamic cross-linked network. It is generally considered that when the temperature is both higher than Tv and Tg, the dynamic topology rearrangement of the crosslinked network can proceed rapidly and the vitrimers will change from the viscoelastic solid state to the viscoelastic liquid state macroscopically[73]. The Tv of vitrimers can be obtained by fitting calculations (Figure S15) following Leibler's criterion[74]. As shown in Figure 5b, among 5 developed vitrimers, D-V and D-II exhibit the lowest Tv values of approximately 103.1°C and 133.8°C, respectively. The Tv of D-III (Figure S15) and D-I is <145.5°C and ~149.5°C, while D-IV has the highest Tv (~165.2 °C). The trend of Tv values for these vitrimers is the same as that of the t* values. The Tv of all these 5 disulfide epoxy vitrimers is lower than or close to their Tg, which corresponds to the mildness conditions of disulfide bond exchange reactions. It also indicates that the temperature significantly higher than Tg is not required for the rapid dynamic network rearrangement of these vitrimers.
In vitrimers, the concentration of dynamic covalent bonds significantly determines the capability and rate of network rearrangement[75]. However, the topological rearrangement rates of D-I to D-V crosslinked networks do not strictly correlate with their disulfide bond contents. This deviation arises because the different cross-linked structures and molecular segment conformations in different disulfide vitrimers influence the difficulty of disulfide exchange reactions. As all the slopes shown in Figure 5b, the activation energies (Ea) of the 5 vitrimers exhibit close but different values. In these vitrimers, D-II, D-III, and D-V demonstrate lower Ea values, whereas the Ea of D-I and D-IV are slightly higher. Since D-V has a high disulfide bond content and the lowest Ea, the topological rearrangement rate of D-V is the fastest among these vitrimers. Conversely, for D-IV, the lowest disulfide content and relatively high Ea lead to its slowest topological rearrangement rate.
To further investigate the differences between these vitrimers and thermoset epoxy resins in dynamic characteristics and establish the foundation for researching the self-healing and degradable properties, the thermomechanical curves of selected vitrimers (D-II and D-IV as representatives) and reference materials (R-I and R-II) are evaluated. The measurements are conducted only under a weak force of 0.03 N to prevent buckling and minimize the effects caused by the load force[76]. The test results are presented in Figure 5c. The thermomechanical curves of all these epoxy resins can be divided into three regions: the glassy state, the glass transition process, and the state after the glass transition. When these epoxy resins are in the glassy state, their strains change little with temperature. However, during the glass transition process, the strains increase sharply as the temperature rises. The differences in thermomechanical curves between vitrimers (D-II, D-IV, R-II) and conventional thermosetting epoxy resin (R-I) primarily exhibit in the state after glass transition[77]. For R-I, the material enters the rubbery state, and the strain increases linearly at a relatively moderate rate (slope). In contrast, since the Tv of the vitrimers is close to the Tg, the dynamic topological rearrangement becomes significant in this stage, leading to a more rapid strain increase than R-I. Especially, D-II exhibits the fastest strain growth, with its strain growth rate increasing significantly as the temperature rises.
The repairing of mechanical scratches is a common method to evaluate the repairability of vitrimers. Many studies have investigated the repairability of vitrimers by repairing the surface mechanical scratches through heating[16, 78, 79]. However, due to the microscale size of mechanical scratches, there are still many limitations in processing to control the scratch dimensions (depth/width) precisely and in measurement to survey the scratch dimensions accurately and conveniently. For hard vitrimers, current research on scratch repairing mainly relies on qualitative comparative analyses yet lacks particular discussions on repair effects for scratches of different dimensions. This makes it difficult to quantify the repairability of vitrimers and ensure the accuracy of conclusions. Thus, in this study, we employed tungsten steel needles with a tip radius of curvature (~ 10 μm) to generate scratches, aiming to control the scratch dimensions that have size similarities in the same order of magnitude. The scratch repairing results are shown in Figure 5d and Figure S16. Only heat treatment is applied during the repair process. Both vitrimers and conventional thermoset epoxy resin (R-I) demonstrate efficient repair for minor scratch damages. This observation is different from some reports suggesting that only vitrimers can repair the scratches[6, 80]. In our study, all the scratches can be categorized as shallow scratches and deep scratches (Figure S16). The shallow scratches (whether narrow or deep) can be almost fully repaired, whereas the deep scratches generally cannot be completely repaired unless they are sufficiently narrow. This indicates that scratch depth significantly affects the repair effects. However, it is challenging to control scratch depth (especially in manual processing) and quantify depth during evaluation (particularly using optical microscopy), although these methods are the most commonly used. Therefore, some coincidental conclusions such as "only vitrimers can repair scratches" can be concluded without deliberate control and special attention to depth. In fact, some existing studies have also observed similar phenomena and considered that it is challenging to characterize the repairing efficiency and the exchange of dynamic covalent bonds through the scratch repairing process[81]. Limited by scratch processing and measurement methods, more quantitative research still needs to be carried out in the future.
Based on Liu et al.'s research[81], the scratches are caused by the external forces acting on the resin to form strains. The strains are formed by the recoverable deformations (corresponding to the free volume changes) and the irrecoverable deformations (corresponding to the polymer segment structural damages). When the temperature is heated above Tg, the molecular segments start moving, and the deformations caused by free volume changes can be recovered easily. Therefore, the shallow scratches (both narrow and wide) dominated by recoverable deformations can be repaired almost fully. Since this process does not involve dynamic covalent exchange reactions, the conventional thermoset R-I also exhibits this phenomenon. For deformation caused by structural damage of molecular segments within scratches, recovery is more difficult. Repairing such damages requires the broken molecular segments to approach each other closely enough first, which provides the preconditions for dynamic covalent bond exchange reactions[82] or possible molecular chain entanglements. However, under the heating conditions without any external pressure, the contact and squeezing between the two sides of scratches cannot be guaranteed. Moreover, according to the thermomechanical curves in Figure 5c, the difference in thermal strains between vitrimers and R-I is not significant, indicating that the difference between vitrimers and R-I in the repair ability of scratch is limited. Therefore, it is challenging to characterize the repairability of vitrimers through scratch repair studies.
Based on the above discussions, the fundamental of the reparability for vitrimers originates from the connection of molecular segments through dynamic covalent exchange reactions between two distinct parts. This process requires a sufficiently close proximity and enough high-temperature conditions. Thereby, the repairability of vitrimers can be verified by the hot-press welding experiments. The hot-press welding results in Figure 5e and Figure S17 demonstrate that under heating with only 45 kPa pressure applied, all the pieces of vitrimers can be welded effectively. In contrast, the conventional thermosetting epoxy resin R-I fails to be welded under identical conditions. The interfacial welding of vitrimers is achieved since the dynamic disulfide bonds at the interface between two pieces approach closely enough and get dynamic exchange reactions. Since R-I does not have dynamic covalent bonds, the interfaces of two pieces can only attempt to bond by intermolecular forces, making it difficult to be welded effectively under the experimental conditions.
Figure 5f shows the degradation of developed vitrimers D-I to D-V and R-II in dithiothreitol (DTT) solution (0.05 g/mL DTT/DMF) at 80 °C. D-I and D-II are completely degraded within 16 h and 20 h, respectively. D-III, D-IV, D-V, and R-II are broken into translucent fragments after 48 h, 16 h, 30 h, and 42 h of degradation, respectively, with their residual mass gradually becoming stable. To further accelerate the degradation of these vitrimers, the partially degraded samples are treated by ultrasonic vibration (500 W) at the same temperature until the weight tends to be stable. D-IV and D-V are almost completely degraded after 3 h of ultrasonic vibration. However, D-III and R-II still have some residual solids (almost transparent fragments, can be easily crushed) after 6 h treatment of ultrasonic vibration. After drying, the residual weight of D-III and R-II is 23.8% and 37.3% of the initial samples, respectively, corresponding to the degradation efficiencies of about 76.2% for D-III and 62.7% for R-II. In summary, all the developed vitrimers exhibit good degradability and can be degraded into small molecule solutions or gel-like fragments.
For the disulfide-based vitrimers (D-I to D-V and R-II) investigated in this study, their degradation rates and efficiencies are closely related to the cross-linked density (ve) and disulfide bond content[83, 84]. Specifically, the ve primarily affects the degradation rates, while the disulfide bond content mainly determines the degradation efficiencies (residual weight). This is because ve influences the rate at which thiol molecules permeate into the crosslinked network[84], whereas the disulfide bond content determines whether the degradation segments can be easily separated from the cross-linked networks[85]. Since D-I and D-II possess the highest disulfide bond content among these vitrimers, they can be directly degraded into soluble small molecular segments without ultrasonic vibration. The lower ve of D-I compared to D-II leads to its faster degradation rate. For D-IV and D-V, D-IV exhibits a significant swelling and degradation within short times due to its lowest ve among those vitrimers. However, since it also has the lowest disulfide bond content among all those vitrimers, some degradation segments fail to detach from the cross-linked network without ultrasonic vibration and just form gel-like solid residues. In contrast, although D-V has a higher ve, it has higher disulfide bond content which is only below D-I and D-II, and its gel-like residues are obviously smaller in size before ultrasonic vibration. For D-III and R-II, the higher ve and lower disulfide bond content (R-II and D-IV have the lowest content, D-III has the second-lowest content) result in slower degradation rates and more gel-like solid residues. These residues still exist even after the ultrasonic vibration.

Figure 5. The dynamic characterization, repair, and degradation of designed vitrimers D-I to D-V and R-II, (a, b) the dynamic characterization, (c) the thermomechanical curves of vitrimers, (d) the scratches repair test results, (e) the hot-press welding results, (f) the degradation of vitrimers.
3. Conclusion
In this study, to assist the development of disulfide epoxy vitrimers with excellent comprehensive properties, we construct the AdaQSPR model based on Transfer learning and a 3D molecular representation learning framework. This AdaQSPR model can achieve the effective prediction of the 6 key macroscopic properties for epoxy resins, including Tg, Td5%, TS, ε, tanδ, and Eb. Based on AdaQSPR model, 5 promising disulfide epoxy vitrimers are identified from 216 candidate disulfide vitrimers. Experimental verification shows that AdaQSPR model has good accuracy, achieving NMAE ≤ 15 % for all these 6 properties and NMAE below 9 % for Tg, TS, ε, and tanδ. The 5 developed vitrimers exhibit excellent comprehensive properties without any significant shortcomings in these 6 properties. All these vitrimers have Tg exceeding 146 °C, ε < 5.5 tanδ < 0.013 at 50Hz, and Eb > 34.8 kV/mm (significantly higher than the commonly studied disulfide vitrimer). Four vitrimers among them have Td5% ≥ 277°C and TS ≥ 60 MPa (notably higher than the commonly used insulating epoxy resins). These vitrimers show great potential as sustainable alternatives to conventional thermoset epoxy resins in engineering applications. The experimental analyses also show that for disulfide vitrimers, ortho-crosslinked structures are more effective than para-crosslinked structures in improving dielectric properties (ε and tanδ), enhancing Eb, and increasing degradability. This structural regularity provides a reference for future research on disulfide vitrimers.
Additionally, this study constructs 2 informative datasets: one containing 100000+ entries of organic molecular properties, and another consisting of 1700+ experimental results of epoxy resin macroscopic properties. These 2 datasets can serve as foundations for other data-driven studies in related fields. The developed epoxy resin AdaQSPR model exhibits strong extensibility since it has considered diverse curing systems of epoxy resins (e.g., epoxy-amine, epoxy-carboxylic acid, and epoxy-anhydride). Both these datasets and AdaQSPR model are open-source and freely accessible. We hope that our research can be further investigated, and it is helpful to promote the application for deep learning in developing cross-linked polymers, accelerating the process and reducing the cost for the exploration of novel cross-linked polymers.

4. Experimental Section
Dataset: For the organic molecular structure-property dataset, all the organic molecules collected in it do not contain elements other than H, C, N, O, F, Si, P, S, and Cl. This ensures that common situations are covered while reducing the complexity of the model. The 3 experimental properties of melting point, density, and Log P within the dataset were obtained from the open-source platforms such as PubChem, ChemSpider, and Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of CAS. Chemistry Database (CSDB). The 7 computational properties, including HOMO, LUMO, dipole moment, ZPE, polarizability, thermal correction to enthalpy, and ABE, were obtained by DFT calculations. The quantum chemistry software employed for these calculations was Gaussian 16. The initial 3D structures of all the organic molecules were generated in batches using Open Babel[86]. The geometry optimization and vibrational analysis of these molecules were all performed using B3LYP/6-311G** functional/basis set combination. To reduce the computational errors of dipole moment and polarizability, the B3LYP/def2-TZVPD level (added diffuse functions) was employed in electronic energy calculations[87]. This approach was used to obtain the 7 computational properties. The ZPE and the thermal correction to enthalpy were obtained from vibrational analysis. It should be noted that the thermal correction to enthalpy output by Gaussian corresponds to the sum of the ZPE and the thermal correction to enthalpy from 0 K to 298.15 K (ZPE+ΔH0K to 298.15K). For the convenience of data collation, the definition of the thermal correction to enthalpy in the organic molecular structure-property dataset is the same as the output of the Gaussian software.
For the epoxy resin structure-property dataset, The data for Tg, Td5%, and TS were collected from published literature. For Tg, the results corresponding to the tanδ peak of DMA were preferentially recorded. When DMA test results were not available in the literature, the test results of DSC were recorded instead. The Td5% were preferentially recorded in the TGA data tested under an air atmosphere. In cases where TGA data under an air atmosphere were unavailable, data obtained under an N2 atmosphere were used as a substitute. The data for ε, tanδ, and Eb were collected from published literature and supplemented with high-throughput experimental testing. For ε and tanδ, the results measured around 50 Hz are preferentially recorded. The Eb data were primarily recorded from the tests conducted on samples with a thickness of 1 mm, when the sample thickness was not 1 mm but within the range of 0.2 mm to 3 mm, the results were corrected by Equation S7 before being recorded[88]. The materials and preparation conditions for epoxy resins in high-throughput testing are shown in Figure S2. For these prepared epoxy resins, ε and tanδ were measured on a dielectric spectroscopy instrument (Novocontrol Concept 80, Germany), and the method is the same as that in Characterization. The testing method for Eb can be found in Characterization and the average value of 6 times replicate measurements was taken as the final recorded data.
Training of model: The model training process consisted of two main phases: Domain-specific Adaptation and Task-specific Adaptation. During the Domain-specific Adaptation phase, we utilized the pre-trained Uni-Mol model[47] and fine-tuned it using the organic molecular structure-property dataset. We employed 5-fold cross-validation for model training and evaluation, using Lasso loss function for optimization. The final prediction results were obtained by averaging the predictions from all 5 models. For the Task-specific Adaptation phase, we selected the best-performing model from the previous phase (based on the highest R²) and further adapted it for predicting the target properties of epoxy resins. Due to the wide distribution range of tanδ values spanning multiple orders of magnitude, we used log10(tanδ) instead of tanδ for training and as output labels. This phase also employed 5-fold cross-validation for training and final prediction. The hyperparameters are detailed in Table S3. The code and data are publicly available at: repository URL.
Materials: The 2,2’-dithiodibenzoic acid (DTBA), bis(4-hydroxyphenyl) disulfide (BHPDS), resveratrol (RES), 4,4’-methylenebis(N,N-diglycidylaniline) (TGMDA), 4,4’-diaminodiphenylmethane (DDM), 2-aminophenyl disulfide (2-AFD), epibromohydrin (EBH), tetrabutylammonium bromide (TBAB), K2CO3, NaOH, anhydrous magnesium sulfate (MgSO4), dithiothreitol (DTT) and methyl red pH indicator were all purchased from Macklin, China. The 4-Aminophenyl disulfide (4-AFD) was purchased from Aladdin, China. The ethyl acetate (EA), epichlorohydrin (ECH), deionized water, N,N-Dimethylformamide (DMF), dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), tetrahydrofuran (THF), absolute ethanol (EtOH) and CH2Cl2, were obtained from Tianjin Fuyu Fine Chemical Co., ltd., China. The methylhexahydrophthalic anhydride (MHHPA) was supplied by Changzhou Runxiang Chemical Co., ltd., China. The bisphenol-A epoxy (E-51) was supplied by Nantong Xingchen Synthetic Materials Co., ltd., China. The 2.4.6-Tri(dimethylaminomethyl)Phenol (DMP-30) was obtained from Tianjin Zhonghe Shengtai Chemical Co., ltd., China. The 0.1007mol/L NaOH (aq), 12 mol/L HCl (aq), and acetone were purchased from Tianjin Aoran Fine Chemical Co., ltd., China.
Synthesis and preparation: According to the designed structure of dynamic disulfide epoxy vitrimers, the monomers of D-I, D-II, and D-III epoxy vitrimers need to be synthesized. This study employs the Williamson ether synthesis reaction as the fundamental pathway for synthesizing the monomers of D-I, D-II, and D-III. As shown in Figure S18a, for the monomer of D-I, which is bis(oxiran-2-ylmethyl)2,2’-disulfanediyldibenzoate (BOMDS). The 10.0 g of DTBA, 127 g of EBH, 0.21 g of TBAB, 13.55 g of K2CO3, and 2 g of MgSO4 were added to a three-necked flask. The mixture was heated and stirred at 75 °C for 14 hours. Then, the CH2Cl2 was added, and the insoluble precipitates were filtered out. After repeated water washing and rotary evaporation under reduced pressure, a deep red viscous liquid product (10.81 g) was obtained, yielding 79.0%. The epoxy value of the synthesized product was measured by titration using the hydrochloric acid-acetone method, and the result was approximately 0.432, which is close to the theoretical epoxy value of BOMDS (0.478), demonstrating that the oligomers and by-products in the product are low. For the monomer of D-II, which is bis(4-glycidyloxyphenyl) disulfide (BGPDS). In Figure S18b, the synthesis reaction was carried out using a two-step method. Firstly, 10.0 g of BHPDS, 73.91 g of ECH, and 0.387 g of TBAB were added to a three-necked flask. The mixture was heated and stirred at 80 °C for 8 hours. Then, a 20% wt aq solution containing 3.99 g solid NaOH was prepared. The reaction system was cooled to 50 °C, and the NaOH aq was added in 4 portions and the reaction was continued for 6 hours. After the reaction, the EA was added, and the insoluble precipitates were filtered out. The product solution was washed with deionized water, and the solvent was removed by rotary evaporation under reduced pressure. Finally, the 13.82 g product was obtained. It is a yellow liquid at high temperatures and a pale yellow solid at room temperature, with a reaction yield of 95.4%. The epoxy value of the product was approximately 0.547, which closely matches the theoretical value of 0.553 for BGPDS. For the monomer of D-III, which is resveratrol-based epoxide (RESEPX). The synthesis reaction was carried out using a two-step method and illustrated in Figure S18c. Firstly, 10.0 g of RES, 121.7 g of ECH, and 0.64 g of TBAB were added to a three-necked flask. The mixture was heated and stirred at 85 °C under N2 atmosphere for 8 hours. Then, a 20% wt aq solution containing 6.57 g solid NaOH was prepared. The reaction system was cooled to 60 °C, and the NaOH aq was added in 4 portions and the reaction was continued for 7 hours. Following the reaction, the EA was introduced, and the insoluble residues were removed by filtration. The product was washed several times and rotary evaporated under reduced pressure. Ultimately, 15.01 g product was obtained as a nearly transparent liquid at high temperatures and an ivory-colored solid at room temperature, yielding 86.4 %. The hydrochloric acid-acetone test showed an epoxy value of 0.729 for the product, close to the theoretical value for RESEPX (0.757), indicating a high product purity. Considering that the industrial-grade bisphenol A-based epoxies also contain some oligomers and by-products[89], no further purification was performed on these 3 products. The testing methods for the liquid nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), high resolution mass spectrometry (HRMS), and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) of these products are described in the Characterization, and the test results are shown in Figures S19 to S21. The results indicate that the structures of these 3 synthesized products are consistent with the BOMDS, BGPDS, and RESEPX, confirming the successful synthesis of the designed monomers of D-I, D-II, and D-III.
After the successful synthesis for monomers of D-I, D-II, and D-III, all the raw materials required for the epoxy resins in this study have been obtained. The monomer of D-I is BOMDS, and the curing agent is DDM. The monomer of D-II is BGPDS, and the curing agent is DDM. The monomer of D-III is RESEPX, and the curing agent is 4-AFD. The monomer of D-IV is E-51, and the curing agent is 2-AFD. The monomer of D-V is TGMDA, and the curing agent is 2-AFD. The monomer of R-I is E-51, and the curing agent is MHHPA. The monomer of R-II is E-51, and the curing agent is 4-AFD. For all these epoxy, the ratios of monomers and curing agents were stoichiometric ratios. The monomers and curing agents were mixed for 150 s using a planetary mixer (Guangdong Zhidi Technology Co., Ltd) at 1500 r/min under low pressure (<0.01 MPa). The mixture was poured into a preheated silicone mold (80 °C) and kept under low pressure (<0.01 MPa) for 30 min to degas air bubbles. Afterwards, it was placed in a high temperature oven for curing. The curing programs for all these epoxy resins were determined by DSC, with the specific testing methods in Characterization. The test results are shown in Figure S22. Based on the analysis of the test results, the curing programs for all epoxy resins are shown in Table S4.
Characterization: The 1H NMR and 13C NMR spectra of the synthetic products were measured by an NMR spectrometer (Bruker AVANCE NEO 400 MHz, Germany) with CDCl3 as solvent. The HRMS data were obtained on a mass spectrometer (Thermo Scientific Q Exactive, USA) with an electrospray ionization (ESI) source. The samples were dissolved in DMSO before analysis and the measurements were conducted in positive ion mode with an m/z range of 300 to 1000. The FT-IR (Nicolet iS50, USA) was used to analyze the structures of products. These synthesized products were dissolved in acetone and uniformly coated on the KBr pellet. After the acetone was evaporated using an infrared heating lamp, the sample was measured in transmission mode. For comparison, the precursors (DTBA, BHPDS, and RES) were pressed into sheets with KBr and measured in the transmissive mode. All the measurements were taken at wave numbers from 400 cm−1 to 4000 cm−1. The curing exothermic curves of the samples were obtained by a DSC instrument (Mettler Toledo DSC 822E, Switzerland). The mixture of monomer and curing agent was transferred to an aluminum crucible and heated at the rate (β ℃/min) of 5, 10, 15, and 20 °C/min in N2. For the thermal properties of designed epoxy vitrimers and reference epoxy resins, the DSC (Mettler Toledo -DSC3, Switzerland) was used to study the Tg. The samples were placed into the aluminum crucible, and heated under N2 atmosphere at the rate of 10 °C/min. The DMA (TA-Q850, USA) was also used to measure the Tg and dynamic mechanical properties in tensile mode. The heating rate of the test temperature was 3 °C/min and the frequency was 1 Hz. The Td5% was tested by a TGA analyzer (Hitachi STA 200, Japan). The samples were put into alumina crucibles and the measurements were performed both under the N2 atmosphere and air atmosphere. The temperature was increased from room temperature to 600 °C at a rate of 10 °C/min. For the tensile strength, the measurements were performed on a universal tensile testing machine (SANS CMT 4503, China) with a loading rate of 5mm/min. The shape of the samples conforms to the type 1 BA of ISO 527. For the electrical properties, a wide-frequency dielectric spectroscopy instrument (Novocontrol Concept 43, Germany) is used to test the dielectric properties of the samples, which included the frequency spectra of ε and tanδ. Prior to testing, the top and bottom surfaces of the samples were sputtered silver electrodes to ensure good contact. The test frequencies range from 10-1 HZ to 106 Hz, and the test voltage is 1.5 V AC. The Eb of the samples were tested in a transformer oil environment using a sphere-sphere electrode with a 25 mm diameter. The frequency of the applied AC voltage was 50 Hz, and voltage was increased at a rate of 1 kV/s until breakdown. The thickness of the test samples was approximately 1 mm, and the Eb of each sample was measured 12 times and analyzed using the Weibull distribution. The solvent resistance was investigated by immersing vitrimers (about 0.1-0.2 g) in different kinds of organic solvents including EtOH, CH2Cl2, acetone, THF, DMF, and DMSO for 7 days to observe the dissolution behavior. The stress relaxations of samples were measured by a DMA analyzer (TA-Q850, USA). Samples with dimensions of approximately 25 mm × 8 mm × 1.5 mm were heated to the testing temperature and held for 10 minutes. Then, a constant strain (such as 1%) was applied. Changes in stress and relaxation modulus were measured until they tended to stabilize. The thermomechanical curves were tested using a DMA analyzer (TA-Q850, USA). The size of samples was about 25 mm × 6 mm × 1 mm and the heating rate of the test temperature was 3 °C/min. To prevent the buckling and minimize the effects caused by the load force, a weak force of only 0.03 N was applied. The repairability of the vitrimers was studied by scratch healing and fragment welding. The scratches were made by the metal needles and repaired by heating without external pressure. The microscopic images before and after the healing were recorded by optical microscope. The fragments were welded under the heating and pressing. Specifically, the fragments were placed between two 10cm×10cm glass plates and heated under 45 kPa. Eventually, all the samples were immersed in a DTT/DMF solution and kept at high temperatures to investigate the degradation characteristics of the prepared vitrimers.

Supporting Information 
Supporting Information is in the annex.

Acknowledgements
Y.Z. and J.L. contributed equally to this work. This publication was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (U1766218), Xi'an Jiaotong University Fundamental Research Funds xzy022024064 and National Natural Science Foundation of China (52207172).

Data Availability Statement
The code and dataset in this research are publicly available at: repository URL.

References
[1]	Y. Yang, Y.-S. Xu, Y. Ji, Y. Wei, Prog. Mater. Sci. 2021, 120, 100710.
[2]	Y.-F. Qu, X. Lu, Z. Xin, ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng. 2024, 12, 20.
[3]	L. Jiang, M.-X. Li, J. Sheng, C. Chen, S.-K. Jiang, Y.-Y Fu, Z.-Q. Huang, J.-Q. Li, T. Geng, ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces. 2024, 16, 43.
[4]	J. Konlan, P. Mensah, S. Ibekwe, K. Crosby, G.-Q Li, Compos. Pt. B-Eng. 2020, 200, 108324.
[5]	Y.-C. Zhang, W.-D. Li, X. Zhao, F.-B. Meng, P. Sun, C. Wang, G.-Z. Guo, W.-R. Li, G. J. Zhang, Chem. Eng. J. 2023, 473, 145199.
[6]	H. Zhang, L. Zhou, F.-T. Zhang, Q. Yang, M.-B. Chen, Z.-T. Chen, Y.-Y. Zhang, P.-S. Xiao, S.-J. Yu, L.-X. Song, Y.-P. Wu, X.-L. Zhao, M. Chen, Polymer. 2022, 255, 125163.
[7]	E. Rossegger, R. Höller, D. Reisinger, J. Strasser, M. Fleisch, T. Griesser, S. Schlögl, Polym. Chem. 2021, 12, 639.
[8]	Q. Shi, K. Yu, X. Kuang, X.-M Mu, C. K. Dunn, M. L. Dunn, T.-J. Wang, H. J. Qi, Mater. Horiz. 2017, 4, 598.
[9]	X.-X Yang, L.-Z Guo, X. Xu, S.-B Shang, H. Liu, Mater. Des. 2020, 186, 108248.
[10]	C.-X Huyan, D. Liu, C.-C Pan, D. Wang, Z.-H Guo, X.-H. Zhang, S. Dai, B.-B. Xu, F. Chen, Chem. Eng. J. 2023, 471, 144478.
[11]	V.-K Hoang, K. Ku, H. Yeo, D. Wang, Z.-H Guo, X.-H. Zhang, S. Dai, B.-B. Xu, F. Chen, ACS Macro Lett. 2024, 13, 10.
[12]	M.-Z Li, H.-T. Yu, X.-Y. Liu, Q.-H. Zhang, P.-F. Feng, Y.-B. Chi, X.-G. Jian, Y.-J. Song, J. Xu, Chem. Eng. J. 2024, 480, 148147.
[13]	B.-J Jin, S. Yang, Adv. Funct. Mater. 2023, 33, 2304769.
[14]	K. Yu, P. Taynton, W. Zhang, M. L. Dunn, H. J. Qi, RSC Adv. 2014, 4, 10108.
[15]	Q.-F. Liu, L. Jiang, Y.-Y. Zhao, Y. Wang, J.-X. Lei, Macromol. Chem. Phys. 2019, 220, 1900149.
[16]	A. R. Luzuriaga, R. Martin, N. Markaide, A. Rekondo, G. Cabanero, J. Rodriguez, I. Odriozola, Mater. Horiz. 2016, 3, 241.
[17]	H.-C. Liu, H. Zhang, H. Wang, X. Huang, G.-S. Huang. J.-R. Wu, Chem. Eng. J. 2019, 368, 61-70.
[18]	H. Nabipour, H.-X. Niu, X. Wang, S. Batool, Y. Hu, React. Funct. Polym. 2021, 168, 105034.
[19]	Y. Spiesschaert, M. Guerre, I. D. Baere, W. V. Paepegem, J. M. Winne, F. E. Du Prez, Macromolecules. 2020, 53, 7.
[20]	X.-H. Liu, E. Zhang, J.-M. Liu, J.-J. Qin, M.-Q. Wu, C.-L. Yang, L.-Y. Liang, Chem. Eng. J. 2023, 454, 139992.
[21]	A. M. Hubbard, Y.-X. Ren, D. Konkolewicz, A. Sarvestani, C. R. Picu, G. S. Kedziora, A. Roy, V. Varshney, D. Nepal, ACS Appl. Polym. Mater. 2021, 3, 4.
[22]	Y.-H. Zhang, L. Yuan, G.-Z. Liang, A.-J. Gu, Ind. Eng. Chem. Res. 2018, 57, 37.
[23]	D.-M. Xie, D.-X. Lu, X.-L. Zhao, Y.-D. Li, J.-B. Zeng, Ind. Crops Prod. 2021, 174, 114198.
[24]	J.-Z. Xu, W.-J. Sun, Y.-J. Liang, Y.-H. Cheng, L. Zhang, Polymer. 2023, 283, 126233.
[25]	H.-C. Liu, L.-W. Wei, Z.-L. Sun, C. Liu, Y.-P. Liu, Trans. China Electrotech. Soc. 2024, 39, 16. (in Chinese)
[26]	L. Han, J.-Y. Xie, Q. Li, J.-L. He, IET Nanodielectr. 2023, 6, 4.
[27]	C. Nantasenamat, C. Isarankura-Na-Ayudhya, T. Naenna, V. Prachayasittikul, EXCLI. J. 2009, 8, 74-88.
[28]	M. Vogt, Expert Opin. Drug Discovery 2022, 17, 3.
[29]	P.-Q. Hu, C. Zhou, R.-S. Zhang, S.-D. Ding, Y.-J. Guo, B. Wang, D.-Z. Xue, Y.-Z. Ma, Z.-Y. Dai, Y. Zhang, F.-H. Tian, S. Yang, Mater. Des. 2025, 252, 113799.
[30]	M.-Q. Liu, C.-Y. Li, R.-Z. Chen, D.-S. Cao, X.-X. Zeng, Expert Syst. Appl. 2024, 240, 122498.
[31]	M. L. Bileschi, D. Belanger, D. H. Bryant , T. Sanderson, B. Carter, D. Sculley, A. Bateman, M. A. DePristo, L. J. Colwell , Nat. Biotechnol. 2022, 40, 6.
[32]	M.-H. Han, J. F. Joung, M. Jeong, D. H. Choi, S. Park, ACS Cent. Sci. 2025, 11, 2.
[33]	T. Xie, J. C. Grossman, Phys. Rev. Lett. 2018, 120, 145301.
[34]	Y.-J. Zhu, X.-H. Dong, S.-S. Huang, C.-Y. Li, R. Wang, M.-C. Yang, S.-J. Wang, M.-X. Li, Z.-D. Liang, J. Li, Y.-R. Zhang, Q. Zhang, H. Yuan, Q. Li, J.-L. He, Appl. Phys. Lett.  2023, 122, 214103.
[35]	R. Wang, Y.-J. Zhu, J. Fu, M.-C. Yang, Z.-Y. Ran, J.-L. Li, M.-X. Li, J. Hu, J.-L. He, Q. Li, Nat. Commun. 2023, 14, 1.
[36]	S.-Z. Zhang, S.-X. Li, S.-Q. Song, Y. Zhao, L. Gao, H.-Z. Chen, H.-Y. Li, J.-P. Lin, Adv. Mater. 2025, 37, 4.
[37]	C. Kim, A. Chandrasekaran, T. D. Huan, D. Das, R. Ramprasad, J. Phys. Chem. C 2018, 122, 31.
[38]	H.-K. Qiu, W.-C. Zhao, H.-W. Pei, J.-P. Li, Z.-Y. Sun, Polymer. 2022, 256, 125216.
[39]	Y.-X. Hu, W.-L. Zhao, L.-Q. Wang, J.-P. Lin, L. Du, ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces. 2022, 14, 49.
[40]	S.-Q. Lu, Z.-F. Gao, D. He, L.-F. Zhang, G.-L. Ke, Nat. Commun. 2024, 15, 1.
[41]	N. M. O’Boyle, J. Cheminf. 2012, 4, 22.
[42]	S. Kim, J. Chen, T.-J. Cheng, A. Gindulyte, J. He, S.-Q. He, Q.-L. Li, B. A. Shoemaker, P. A. Thiessen, B. Yu, L. Zaslavsky, J Zhang, E. E. Bolton, Nucleic Acids Res. 2023, 51, D1.
[43]	H. E. Pence, J. Chem. Educ. 2012, 87, 11.
[44]	Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of CAS. Chemistry Database of CAS[DB/OL]. https://organchem.csdb.cn, accessed: March, 2024.
[45]	L. Maaten, G. Hinton, J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2008, 9, 2579-2605.
[46]	P. Singhal, R. Walambe, S. Ramanna, K. Kotecha, IEEE ACCESS. 2023, 11, 6973-7020.
[47]	G.-M. Zhou, Z.-F. Gao, Q.-K. Ding, H. Zheng, H.-T. Xu, Z.-W. Wei, L.-F. Zhang, G.-L. Ke, in 2023 11th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR, Rwanda, 2023, paper 2600.
[48]	Y.-C. Zhang, W.-D. Li, C. Wang, J.-S Li, P. Sun, J.-B. Deng, G.-J. Zhang, IEEE Trans. Dielectr. Electr. Insul. 2023, 30, 2.
[49]	Resin based reactive compounds used for electrical insulation, Standard IEC 60455-3-1, 2003.
[50]	M. J. Frisch, G. W. Trucks, H. B. Schlegel, G. E. Scuseria, M. A. Robb, J. R. Cheeseman, G. Scalmani, V. Barone, G. A. Petersson, H. Nakatsuji, X. Li, M. Caricato, A. V. Marenich, J. Bloino, B. G. Janesko, R. Gomperts, B. Mennucci, H. P. Hratchian, J. V. Ortiz, A. F. Izmaylov, J. L. Sonnenberg, D. Williams-Young, F. Ding, F. Lipparini, F. Egidi, J. Goings, B. Peng, A. Petrone, T. Henderson, D. Ranasinghe, V. G. Zakrzewski, J. Gao, N. Rega, G. Zheng, W. Liang, M. Hada, M. Ehara, K. Toyota, R. Fukuda, J. Hasegawa, M. Ishida, T. Nakajima, Y. Honda, O. Kitao, H. Nakai, T. Vreven, K. Throssell, J. A. Montgomery, Jr., J. E. Peralta, F. Ogliaro, M. J. Bearpark, J. J. Heyd, E. N. Brothers, K. N. Kudin, V. N. Staroverov, T. A. Keith, R. Kobayashi, J. Normand, K. Raghavachari, A. P. Rendell, J. C. Burant, S. S. Iyengar, J. Tomasi, M. Cossi, J. M. Millam, M. Klene, C. Adamo, R. Cammi, J. W. Ochterski, R. L. Martin, K. Morokuma, O. Farkas, J. B. Foresman, D. J. Fox, Gaussian 16, Gaussian, Inc., Wallingford CT, USA 2016.
[51]	M. J. Abraham, T. Murtola, R. Schulz, S. páll, J. C. Smith, B Hess, E Lindahl, SoftwareX. 2015, 1-2, 19-25.
[52]	C. Zhang, C. Bu, M. S. J. Sajib, L.-D. Meng, S.-Y. Xu, S.-Z Zheng, L. Zhang, T. Wei, Comput. Phys. Commun. 2023, 291, 108840.
[53]	D. Sanchez-Rodriguez, S. Zaidi, Y. Jahani, A. R. Luzuriaga, A. Rekondo, P. Maimi, J. Farjas, J. Costa, Polym. Degrad. Stab. 2023, 217, 110543.
[54]	W.-Y Xia, B.-C. Sun, Y.-X. He, Y.-B. Li, T. Xia, Y. Yang, C.-L. Yang, Polym. Degrad. Stab. 2024, 229, 110943.
[55]	F. Neese, Softw. Focus. 2022, 12, 5.
[56]	Z.-C Wu, J.-S. Fan, Y.-X. Zhao, B.-Q. Lin, W.-Y. Zhou, Q.-G. Zhang, L.-C. Li, J. Phys. D: Appl. Phys. 2023, 56, 184001.
[57]	M. Leda, M. Nagao, M. Hikita, IEEE Trans. Dielectr. Electr. Insul.  1994, 1, 5.
[58]	T. Lu, F.-W. Chen, J. Comput. Chem. 2012, 33, 5.
[59]	T. Lu, J. Chem. Phys. 2024, 161, 082503.
[60]	W. Humphrey, A. Dalke, K. Schulten, J. Mol. Graph. Model. 1996, 14, 1.
[61]	D. S. Ranasinghe, J. T. Margraf, A. Perera, R. J. Bartlett, J. Chem. Phys. 2019, 150, 0741008.
[62]	H.-C. Liu, Z.-L. Sun, Y.-P. Liu, Q. Ge, X. Wu, in 2022 8th 2022 IEEE International Conference on High Voltage Engineering and Applications, ICHVE, China, 2022.
[63]	H.-C. Liu, Z.-L. Sun, L.-W. Wei, Y.-P. Liu, S.-S. Zhou, Q. Ge, C. Liu, X.-Y. Li, Polym. Test. 2023, 126, 108145.
[64]	W.-J. Sun, L. Zhang, Y.-J. Liang, J.-Z. Xu, Y. Gao, J.-M. Luo, Y.-H. Cheng, React. Funct. Polym. 2022, 176, 105307.
[65]	W.-J. Sun, J.-Z. Xu, J.-H. Song, Y. Chen, Z.-P. Lv, J.-M. Luo, Y.-H. Cheng, L. Zhang, Mater. Horiz. 2023, 10, 2542.
[66]	J.-Y. Xie, M.-C. Yang, J.-J. Liang, J. Hu, Q. Li, J.-L. He, J. Mater. Chem. A, 2021, 9, 15975.
[67]	Y.-F. Zhang, Z.-Y. Huang, R. He, T. Zhao, C.-X. Li, J. Li, Polym. Test. 2023, 138, 108558.
[68]	C.-M. Luo, W. Yang, W. Qi, Z.-L. Chen, J. Lin, X.-M. Bian, S.-J. He, Polym. Test. 2022, 113, 107670.
[69]	B. Arati, V Bley, P.-Y. Pichon, G. Teyssedre. IEEE ACCESS. 2023, 11, 133967-133978.
[70]	C.-M. Luo, W.-C. Wang, W. Yang, X.-Y. Liu, J. Lin, L.-Q. Zhang, S.-J. He, ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng. 2023, 11, 39.
[71]	Y.-J. Zhang, L. Yuan, G.-Z. Liang, A.-J. Gu, ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng. 2023, 11, 24.
[72]	H. Yang, G.-M. Yuan, Z.-J. Liu, Y.-H. Tao, P.-P. Yang, K. Wu, J. Shi, P.-W. Hong, L. Yang., Prog. Org. Coat. 2024, 197, 108819.
[73]	F.-L. Meng, M. O. Saed, E. M. Terentjev, A.-J. Gu, Nat. Commun. 2022, 13, 1.
[74]	D. Montarnal, M. Capelot, F. Tournilhac, L. Leibler, Sci. 2011, 334, 6058.
[75]	M. Chao, H.-W. Si, H. Zhang, L. Zhou, Y.-P. Wu, L.X. Song, M. Kang, X.-L. Zhao, Macromolecules. 2021, 54, 21.
[76]	A. Klingler, D. Reisinger, S. Schlögl, B. Wetzel, U. Breuer, J.-K. Krüger, Macromolecules. 2024, 57, 9.
[77]	B. Krishnakumar, R. V. S. P. Sanka, W. H. Binder, V. Parthasarthy, S. Rana, N. Karak, Chem. Eng. J. 2020, 385, 123820.
[78]	A. Adjaoud, L. Puchot, P. Verge, A.-J. Gu, ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng. 2022, 10, 1.
[79]	X. H. Liu, L. Y. Liang, M.-P. Lu, X. Song, H.-H. Liu, G.-Y. Chen, Polymer. 2020, 210, 123030.
[80]	H.-C. Liu, C. Liu, Y.-P. Liu, Y.-Z. Jiang, X.-Y. Li, Y.-N. Bai, Polym. Test. 2024, 137, 108528.
[81]	J.-M. Liu, X.-H. Liu, X.-H. Cui, J.-J. Qin, M. Shi, D.-S. Wang, L.-Y. Liang, C.-L. Yang, ACS Appl. Polym. Mater. 2023, 5, 12.
[82]	J. M. Matxain, J. M. Asua, F. Ruipérez, Phys.Chem.Chem.Phys. 2016, 18, 1758.
[83]	D. Martinez-Diaz, A. Cortés, A. Jiménez-Suárez, S. G. Prolongo, ACS Appl. Polym. Mater. 2022, 4, 7.
[84]	L. M. Johnson, E. Ledet, N. D. Huffman, S. L. Swarner, S. D. Shepherd, P. G. Durham, G. D. Rothrock, Polymer. 2015, 64, 84-92.
[85]	H.-W. Si, L. Zhou, Y.-P. Wu, L.-X. Song, M. Kang, X.-L. Zhao, M. Chen, Composites. Part. B. 2020, 199, 108278.
[86]	N. M. O’Boyle, M. Banck, C. A. James, C. Morley, T. Vandermeersch, G. R. Hutchison, J. Cheminf. 2011, 3, 33.
[87]	D. Rappoport, F. Furche, J. Chem. Phys. 2010, 133, 134105.
[88]	C. Neusel, G.-A. Schneider, J. Mech. Phys. Solids. 2014, 63, 201-213.
[89]	Y. Luo, J. Cheng, J. B. Univ. Chem. Technol. (Nat. Sci. Ed.) 2007, 34, 4. (in Chinese)
